Change folder name kubeless-test-client to kubeless integration (#1719)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/kubeless-integration/README.md

## Overview

> The `kubeless-integration` tests kubeless along with other Kyma resources. It contains the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubeless-integration` test client tests Kubeless along with other Kyma resources. It contains the following:
```

> The `kubeless-integration` tests kubeless along with other Kyma resources. It contains the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubeless-integration` folder contains tests for Kubeless integration with other Kyma resources. It contains the following:
```
